[Music] her
name is baby aunt
[Music]
diary goodbye
[Music
] [
Music] [
Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [
Laughter] [
Music] [
Music]
[Music]
I wish I didn't have to be recording this
audio and Elena but life is very
annoying sometimes
today something has broken inside us all
but I think that's not what you would
like So I'm going to borrow a
little of your courage to tell you that your
strength of bravery is winning the choice
of life that you have given us is winning your
eternal smile despite everything is winning
and your legacy remains you have taught us to
live today and to never give up
shine bright as you know Estrellita
rest in peace Hello, I am Nuria Bermúdez
and I want to send my most sincere condolences to
the family and  friends of Elena Huelva
who during all this time have been
part of this difficult path
always spreading her strength
also to all her followers
always aware of her evolution from
today there is one more star in the sky that
shines brightly and has taught us
all with her example of struggle a
huge hug to all Hello, I'm Antonio Rosi
from here I wanted to send my most
heartfelt condolences to all of
Nena Huelva's family she has been an example of
struggle optimism
of overcoming and Although the result has not
been what we all want this does not
mean that
the same thing always happens in
research help is getting
closer to being able to turn all
cancers into one into a disease that can be
fixed, solved we must not let our
guard down But this saddens us it does not
sadden everyone Elena is one of the
many she is the face but they are one of the
many who fight every day every year and
for them we must continue supporting
research
Well then we are all with our hearts
in our mouths it is a shame but well she
has to stay almost an example of
greatness strength integrity a
fighter like It seems untrue that
was so young not 4 years fighting since she was 16 years old life Many times so unfair But well she is an angel and now she will rest in peace I send a huge kiss to the whole family and a lot of strength and that when you have a daughter almost an example in every sense
because Marina I am sending you this audio to
transmit to her family and to
all her surroundings and all her friends
a lot of strength a lot of encouragement at
this moment I learned
Elena's story from social networks her story
moved me a lot and I think it was a
pretty clear example of struggle,
strength, perseverance and above all,
overcoming So nothing, just
transmit encouragement and a lot of love to all those
around her
Marina what a tragedy the loss of Elena
is a shame but overcoming is also
accepting and understanding that all
stories even the biggest and the
most beautiful and the most intense have an
ending that is not even the ending
that we would like But well I believe that
she already belongs to that group of
heroines who have taught us that it is
possible to fight against these terrible
adversities without losing our smile and that
transmit a lot to so many people
who are in similar situations or who are having
such a bad time I just  I want to send
nothing but a big kiss to her family and
to all of us, let it be
a lesson once again but let it be a true lesson
of how important it is to face
life's adversities, I insist without
losing my smile
Javi, I want to send
no more condolences to Elena's family,
lots of encouragement and to
learn from her,
always smiling and fighting until the
end, from today we have a star and
an angel in heaven,
a hug to the family, it's a
shame Elena, it's a shame that your desire
has not won,
from here I want to send all the love and
affection to those who have loved you and thank you
so much for that lesson of
life and death that you have given us, today
a new star will shine in the
firmament,
until forever, Elena,
Elena,
your desire wins
and you have won us all over
with that endless smile,
with those eyes full of light
and
everything, today we have lost something,
but we have also gained from being able to have
met you
through this world
of social networks,
your messages,
and from here, from the south of the South, I
already see a star
that looks a lot like you,
[ __ ] cancer,
Hello, good night everyone, well today I
woke up with the sad news of
Elena, a woman  fighter worthy of
admiration
nothing Just to say a big hug to her
family and always with you baby and that she will
be in our hearts
a kiss for everyone and good night
Hello well this message is for the
angel of Light Elena Elenita
with my respect with all my respect
well call you Yes because it seems to me it
seems to me that you are an angel of light a
doll a being that has been a
fighter with optimism
transmitting energy even though you
were in those moments Well Sometimes
down sometimes
in recovery sometimes
well I wish you to
fly very high
that you fly very high and thank you
for these beautiful messages and
for giving voice
Well to the whole process that you
had to live now it's
time to rest Anita
and to tell the family
of being the family that
all supported me and that of almost all of Spain or
all of Spain as and outside also
the best energies a huge hug
much love much strength it's easy to say
yes you have
had an example and an
Earthly angel who is now an angel in
heaven
My respects my love my affection truly
from soul soul to all the family
to her friends to her parents of course to
her sister
to her pet and
simply thank you
for that lesson that you have given us you
have left us that you will continue forever
our souls
beings of light that like others have
departed
sometimes it is not easy to understand it is
not easy to understand it
is life
and I only ask I only ask for a lot of strength a lot of
encouragement a
lot of fortitude and a lot of spiritual integrity
and
Elena
Elenita with permission will always be
present not only in our homes and
in her home but in everyone's hearts have a
good trip Elenita Thank you thank you thank you
beautiful angel of light God bless you
[Music]
Good evening
how are you family Good evening
Marina well first of all I would like to
thank everyone who wanted to
participate in this
completely spontaneous introduction and I wish we hadn't had to
do any of this
today the truth is that I would have liked to
start the year in a different way today I really wanted to come
back But anyway let's
stay with the smile with the
dancing and with the energy and with the message
above all that Elena wanted to send us
from here of course a hug the most
affectionate and the most full of love for the
whole family if it can reach you
Marina how are you
Javi I mean the truth is that of course
after these ten minutes that I don't know
you feel like I do
n't know a little absurd no of I mean on the one
hand Lucky that we are here and
sometimes we do not value things but the
truth is that it is very it is impossible for your
soul not to shrink seeing those
images of her of that that part that you have
done you super pretty from when she was already
little always so happy smiling
fighting as she has transmitted to us on
social networks and above all it is
also what you say the famous and
the colleagues who have wanted to contribute their
grain of sand this that I have to
say that I don't know about you but with everything I
have written to everyone who has been
unanimous and at the moment they have sent a
message of affection we are leaving that they have not
thought about it for a second and in that
sense they have also been super generous
on a day like today when we are all a bit like
saying that is life no
really I mean I don't know It is complicated
now like now how we work It is that
we have started strong and
clear I mean I think that I don't know if there is
any person in the world who sees this
that we see this and that it does not touch a
fiber in some way you know it is that  it's
in the end sadly these types of things
are what teach us many times
to relativize not what is what is
important what is not and the example that I
hope truly endures because
then sometimes we forget things very quickly
and what about this girl has certainly
been a 10 I admire her because or I mean
with such great adversity as is
how her case has been and to have that no
that smile that strength that desire the
truth is
what do we say No what do we say Well nothing
rest in peace a huge hug to the
family The truth is that it has been a
blow I think for everyone,
look at you no I thought that I thought it was
going to turn out I thought it was going to
turn out well and the truth is that well the
people who follow me know that I had
taken it a little bit even
personally in the sense of as if I
knew her when I didn't see a
notification I would start looking every
night on the networks to see if she had posted
an update and well it
couldn't be but I hope that this is one
more step and that for  except for the path
that she has taken, it's not worth
anything and above all what you say Javi,
I think that for many men and
women who suffer something similar, I think
that Elena has always had such a big platform
on social networks.
Well also, since she has
been seeing
familiar faces, like Carbonero Manuel Carrasco
Aitana, I think that is, I mean,
it's super positive so that people who are
going through similar situations can say,
damn, if she had that attitude, you
know, it's a legacy, an example of
overcoming, that I don't know if
words are really unnecessary,
beyond that, I also want to
thank that. To the colleagues who
have sent us from Makoke Ivonne Reyes with
a beautiful message Olga Moreno Rocío
Flores everything Nuria Bermúdez, everyone who
has sent us messages, a kiss because it's
also a very nice gesture. You know, a
huge kiss, a huge kiss here. Hey,
thank you so much to everyone who
is here, greeting us. Pilar
Gutiérrez, forgive me, we were
involved, beautiful tribute Marina and Javi, let
's go  to applaud everything thank you very much
Pilar a huge kiss a kiss Pilar luz
Javi Marina thanks for this tribute
well it is not deserved they should not be given
okay And from that lesson of strength and
courage wherever you are You will do very nice
Elena Thank you Javi Marina lanne and other
speakers for this beautiful message
well forgive me it
was something that the truth is no I did not
count on it and I wish I did not have to
do it If I forgot someone to
notify well I'm sorry but it
was completely spontaneous we were
preparing the program suddenly Hey
Marina we are going to do one of this and we have
written as quickly as we could
more or less the ones we have closest at hand
okay
us us to conclude eh
Sorry but for us it is true
that we talk about gossip from the heart And such
But I believe that this is something that
unites us not all sectors to all
unions there are that I believe that deserved
well and deserves much more but but well
Unfortunately Well that has been it is the
end it is what there is And what do I know I think that
this was deserved that also the idea
has been  yours seems wonderful to me and
Well, I think that if we can contribute
a grain of sand Well, I know that
wherever she is Well, look, I hope she's
happy I don't know it's that these things do
n't affect me but well, like everyone else, not like
everyone
Okay, we're going to leave the body as if it were someone's
lifelong acquaintance but I think
that everyone goes through the same thing, do you
remember that I once told you this is the
true influencer Well, many times an
influencer takes one who suddenly
has messed up and it goes viral to another who
suddenly throws a razor I don't know
who to another and now we're going to influence
anything that has followers no and it
's like no, let's see influencer the word
I think is focused on a person
who teaches you, not that influences you in how you have to do
certain things, you can't there
can be a fashion influence like that
no Because more or less she's teaching you
no and she's making you learn things
about how to dress no influencers of
many types but I think that this is
one has been an influencer of life, I mean, I do
n't know if she really is a girl
look look at the intention before having
before passing this on to her of having
followers and stuff but totally
Javi worker influencer eh Look it
's the first time obviously
I didn't expect anything else in this
limit but it's the first time that on
social networks people will say well
normal but we know how
networks work there is unanimity
on something positive in joining people of
one ideology or another to understand me
or from one side type of thinking or
another in supporting this person without
anyone having because there's always someone
with the typical bad word or it's the
first time in years that I see on networks on
this subject Union And really that
too I think it's very nice Although
then it's ephemeral No because then well
real life comes back and I don't know but
well we have to stick with the
good and that's it is that it is what you
say that it is difficult to overcome, to overcome
this because Thursday We are human you know
the truth that I say my goodness this
after when I was watching the video
after this I don't know how we are going to
explain to the people that now come
here with Matamoros no
[Music]